Dean
Look
There are two
We owe our hospital
Hundreds of thousands of medical expenses
Hurry up
Call security
Get these two cuties away
Dean
It's obviously them
Misappropriation without permission
My mother’s medical expenses
Please be sure to check clearly
appropriate
what evidence do you have
from now on
you were fired
Dean
This, this, this
Why?
Those who are in arrears with medical bills
it's them
By Miss Xu
It's from our hospital
controlling shareholder
If you dare again
To Miss Xu
Disrespectful words to Mr. Lin
But it’s more than just expulsion
So simple
What
No no
Dean
She's from the bar
Waitress
He is one
The construction site smells like moving bricks
Little cute
You must not
were deceived by them
Miss Xu
Are you willing to pay a premium?
fifteen million
+Buy our hospital
Must have extraordinary financial resources
From now on our hospital
will provide you with
The best quality in Jiangcheng
Medical team services
this
It turns out to be true
Do you believe it now?
Na
It's time to kneel down
Kowtow to me
Call me daddy